Culture Convos 13 - 15 from Marksman (#6552)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/culture conversations.txt

mission "Foiled Kidnapping Witnessed"
	minor
	source
		government "Syndicate"
		not attributes "station" "frontier" "urban"
	to offer
		random < 1
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`A roadblock interrupts your path as you make your way towards the city, forcing you to slow down as you pass by, able to see what the commotion is about. Police wave past car after car coming from the other direction, looking into the vehicles until a sedan gets pulled over to the side causing police to briefly halt all traffic movements. The driver seemed distressed, refusing to open the boot even when he is being detained; his face goes pale when a little girl is found inside.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`A roadblock interrupts your path as you make your way towards the city, forcing you to slow down as you pass by, able to see what the commotion is about. Police wave past car after car coming from the other direction, looking into the vehicles until a sedan gets pulled over to the side, causing police to briefly halt all traffic movements. The driver seems distressed, refusing to open the boot even when he is being detained; his face goes pale when a little girl is found inside.`
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`A roadblock interrupts your path as you make your way towards the city, forcing you to slow down as you pass by, able to see what the commotion is about. Police wave past car after car coming from the other direction, looking into the vehicles until one gets pulled over to the side, causing police to briefly halt all traffic movements. The driver seems distressed, refusing to open the back even when he is being detained; his face goes pale when a little girl is found inside.`
```
Reading `sedan` feels awfully odd in a game set 1000 years into the future to me. Also, `boot` is British English for what North Americans would call the `trunk`. I think `back` is a reasonable compromise of the two.

Reviewer 3: Yep. We'll use the compromise.

mission "Old Defense Turrets"
	minor
	source
		attributes "south"
		not attributes "station" "frontier"
	to offer
		random < 1
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`With an annoyingly long stopover having encouraged you to do a little exploring, you pull the rental car into the designated return parking lot. The unexpected sound of large hydraulic motors draws your attention and you watch as a massive turret lifts up from behind a nearby barricade and turns toward the sky, its single cannon poised to fire at seemingly nothing.`

Reviewer: Still not onboard with having the player rock up in a car without explanation, especially considering how many spaceports are described as being an area/building close to the landing pads, with New Austria's description even mentioning how the player walks to the centre of the closest town.

Reviewer 3: I'd think that spaceports will at least be heavily connected to the local transportation grid. It wouldn't make sense for you to take the public transport every time you're on a planet.

Reviewer: My point isn't that the player wouldn't be able to use/get a rental car, and more that clicking the spaceport button signifies the player going around and searching the spaceport, as opposed to exploring the nearby cities.

Reviewer 3: Wait. Bear with me a moment. Cut doesn't these trigger when you land?

Author: No this one requires you to visit the spaceport.

Reviewer 3: Ah...
Hmm.
I'd argue that you can't just show culture around the spaceport alone.

Reviewer: Has there been any movement on this issue?

Reviewer 2: Adding a mention that the player first rents a car would fix @Anarchist2 's concern, no? But then the question might be whether the player needs to pay for the car - but I suppose we never see the `<first>` pay for food at a restaurant, so perhaps this can slide too.

Reviewer 3: Given that a copy of the full history of humanity cost a fraction of a credit, I'd say the cost of negligible.

Reviewer 2: Fair. How bout this then?
```suggestion
			`With an annoyingly long stopover having encouraged you to do a little exploring, you rent a car and drive around the immediate area. As you pull the rental car into the designated return parking lot, the unexpected sound of large hydraulic motors draws your attention. You watch as a massive turret lifts up from behind a nearby barricade and turns toward the sky, its single cannon poised to fire at seemingly nothing.`
```

Author: I suggest one additional word to Wizrad's.
```suggestion
			`With an annoyingly long stopover having encouraged you to do a little exploring, you rent a car for a short drive around the immediate area. Later, as you pull the car into the designated return parking lot, the unexpected sound of large hydraulic motors draws your attention. You watch as a massive turret lifts up from behind a nearby barricade and turns toward the sky, its single cannon poised to fire at seemingly nothing.`
```

Reviewer 3: Grey's edit works.

Reviewer 2: Agreed!

> 			`With an annoyingly long stopover having cnouraged you to do a little mediocre exploring, you pull the rental car into the designated return parking lot. The unexpected sound of large hydraulic motors draws your attention and you watch as a massive turret lifts up from behind a nearby barricade and turns towards the sky, its single cannon poised to fire at seemingly nothing.`

Reviewer: Why is the player in a rental car?
```suggestion
			`With an annoyingly long stopover having encouraged you to do a little exploring, you pull the rental car into the designated return parking lot. The unexpected sound of large hydraulic motors draws your attention and you watch as a massive turret lifts up from behind a nearby barricade and turns towards the sky, its single cannon poised to fire at seemingly nothing.`
```

Reviewer 3: Because you'd think there'd be some form of transportation rather than walking or flying.

Reviewer 4: Returning Home in the Hai missions file has the player using a taxi.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`With an annoyingly long stopover having encouraged you to do a little exploring, you pull the rental car into the designated return parking lot. The unexpected sound of large hydraulic motors draws your attention and you watch as a massive turret lifts up from behind a nearby barricade and turns toward the sky, its single cannon poised to fire at seemingly nothing.`
```
Just adding a small correction on `towards`

Reviewer 3: It works.

> 			`	Looking around for some form of explanation you find a plaque placed conveniently nearby dedicating the turret, and five others like it, offering protection and discouraging piracy until relatively recent years. You can't help but wonder how well the turrets would do if they were to be actually used again.`

Reviewer: Took a jab at replacing "dedicating".
```suggestion
			`	Looking around for some form of explanation you find a plaque placed conveniently nearby celebrating the turret, and five others like it, for offering protection and discouraging piracy until relatively recent years. You can't help but wonder how well the turrets would do if they were to be actually used again.`
```

Reviewer 3: Commemorating, perhaps?

Author: Dedication plaques are applied when things are built, commemorative and celebratory plaques are applied when things are decommissioned.

Reviewer 3: Roger. Dedication works, then.

Reviewer: It works for me as well.

> 			`	Looking around for some form of explanation you find a plaque placed conveniently nearby dedicating the turret, and five others like it, offering protection and deterance against piracy until relatively recent years. You can't help but wonder though, how well the turrets would do if they were to be actually used again.`

Reviewer: "dedicating"?
```suggestion
			`	Looking around for some form of explanation, you find a plaque placed conveniently nearby dedicating the turret, and five others like it, offering protection and deterrence against piracy until relatively recent years. You can't help but wonder how well the turrets would do if they were to be actually used again.`
```

Reviewer 3: Eh... Any suggestions for that?

Author: Hmmm, it's correct but now that I look at it fresh it is an odd use of the language.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	Looking around for some form of explanation you find a plaque placed conveniently nearby dedicating the turret, and five others like it, offering protection and discouraging piracy until relatively recent years. You can't help but wonder how well the turrets would do if they were to be actually used again.`
```
Thoughts?

Reviewer 3: It works.

mission "Military Response Test"
	minor
	source
		government "Free Worlds"
		not attributes "station" "urban" "frontier"
	to offer
		random < 1
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`In a strange set of directions, the Air Traffic Controller had you punch in a set of coordinates taking you close to a massive military base on the way to the landing zone. You let the autopilot take over as you watch the view off the cockpit window, hoping the turrets in the base wouldn't have you shot out of the sky.`

Reviewer: Not sure about "a strange set of directions".
```suggestion
			`In a strange turn of events, the Air Traffic Controller has you punch in a set of coordinates, taking you close to a massive military base on the way to the landing zone. You let the autopilot take over as you watch the view off the cockpit window, hoping the turrets in the base won't shoot you out of the sky.`
```

Reviewer 3: "Strange set of instructions," perhaps. I don't want to use "Strange turn of events" because it didn't exactly feel right. 
It's also not illegal to fly over a military base. One close enough to a spaceport.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`In a strange set of instructions, the Air Traffic Controller has you punch in a set of coordinates, taking you close to a massive military base on the way to the landing zone. You let the autopilot take over as you watch the view off the cockpit window, hoping the turrets in the base won't shoot you out of the sky.`
```

> 			`	From where you are watching, you see a single lady standing within the parade square, a hand raised like she's looking at her watch. Seconds pass before she raises her other hand and gives a thumbs up to whoever's looking at her. Suddenly, a loud siren sounds out across the base that is audible even in your ship as it passes by at reasonable height. You watch as soldiers drop everything they're doing, some rushing into buildings while others ran towards armoured vehicles. Within minutes, the vehicles are rolling towards the parade square whilst soldiers in full gear run to assemble within the square in neat rows.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	From where you are watching, you see a single lady standing within the parade square, a hand raised like she's looking at her watch. Seconds pass before she raises her other hand and gives a thumbs up to whoever's looking at her. Suddenly, a loud siren sounds out across the base that is audible even in your ship as it passes by at reasonable height. You watch as soldiers drop everything they're doing, some rushing into buildings while others ran towards armoured vehicles. Within minutes, the base's vehicles are rolling towards the parade square whilst soldiers in full gear run to assemble within the square in neat rows.`
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	From where you are watching, you see a single woman standing within the parade square, a hand raised like she's looking at her watch. Seconds pass before she raises her other hand and gives a thumbs up to whoever's looking at her. Suddenly, a loud siren sounds out across the base that is audible even in your ship as it passes by at reasonable height. You watch as soldiers drop everything they're doing, some rushing into buildings while others run toward armored vehicles. Within minutes, the base's vehicles are rolling towards the parade square whilst soldiers in full gear run to assemble within the square in neat rows.`
```
